Add argocd-vault-plugin (#40)
weaveworks/awesome-gitops: README.md

### Secrets

> - [argocd-vault-plugin](https://github.com/IBM/argocd-vault-plugin) - An ArgoCD plugin to retrieve secrets from Vault and inject them into Kubernetes resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [argocd-vault-plugin](https://argocd-vault-plugin.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) - An ArgoCD plugin to retrieve secrets from Vault and inject them into Kubernetes resources
```
